What if we wanted to pass our own argument? For example here when increasing the counter, we're currently
incrementing it by one,
what if we wanted to pass our own step by which it should get incremented? Nothing easier than that, here
when calling increase or setting up this reference, I can also add parentheses and pass my own argument,
for example two. Now with this, I say or I want to say that I want to increase this counter by two, since
I've pass it as an argument here,
I can go down there to my method and in the increase function,
I simply listen to step or add the argument step here.
I can then say this.counter+= step to now increase it by this step instead of one.
So if I save this, you're now see I click and it increases by two all the time,
this is how easy I can pass my own argument.
And finally what if I not only wanted to pass my own argument but both my own argument and this automatically
created event object?
That's also very simple,
I can simply add a second argument
and now here the naming is important.
Vuejs automatically fetches this default event argument and stores it in a kind of a variable we
can access here named $event.
So this is a protected name,
don't override it and make sure to not get it wrong.
Doing it this way, I can now also fetch this event here and I could use it in my increase method if
I wanted to too conveniently well use both my own argument and the automatically created
and now also passed event object future vuejs gives us access to.